A text file used in this repo's "fake_development" branch.

Added a line to "fix" test issue one.  Adding another sentence to this line to try and "fix" test issue one again. Added a third line to "fix" issue one.

Added a second line, to try and activate the environment debug commands present in the PR-close workflow file.

Added a third line, to "fix" test issue two. Adding new sentence, to try and "fix" test issue two again.

Added a fourth line, to try and close test issue two.

Added a fifth line.  This line was added to test the response of the push event commit message to multiple commits.

Added a sixth line, to try and "fix" test issue three.  Trying again, this time without the project ordering bug. Trying a third time, now without the un-necessary isinstance() call.

Added a seventh line, to "fix" test issue three in the "release" branch project.

Added an 8th line, to "fix" test issue four.

Added a 9th line, to "fix" test issue #24.  Adding another sentence to try "fixing" test issue #24 again.

Added a 10th line, to "fix" test issue #24.

Added an 11th line, to "resolve" test issue #23.

Added a 12th line, to see if "sync" means checks run after every pushed commit to a PR.

Added a 13th line, to see if issue closer triggers on accident.

Added a 14th line, so that example PR goes through successfully.

Added a 15th line, in order to create a new PR needed for testing PyGithub.

Added a 16th line, in order to test error-handling in issue-closing script.

Added a 17th line, in order to test error-handling in issue-closing script again.

Added an 18th line, in order to test the "closed issues" project column check in the issue-closing script.

Added a 19th line, in order to test the new if-statement check in the issue-closing script.

Added a 20th line, in order to make sure the pylint Github Action correctly does nothing if no python files are modified.

Added a 21st line, in order to make sure tag-updating script works as expected.

Added a 22nd line, in order to test the tag-updating script again.

Added a 23rd line, in order to test the "new" tag-updating script.

Added a 24th line, in order to test the pr-closing bug fix.

Added a 25th line, in order to test the workflow badge functionality.

Added a 26th line, in order to test new unit tests push capability.

Added a 27th line, in order to show off in front of people.
